the general assembly resolution
condemning Israel's illegal occupation
was met by a round of
applause and a strong show of support in
favor
124 about 2third of member states voted
for
it ongoing settlements are a serious
obstacle to the two-state solution the
two-state solution is the only way we
can achieve just and Lasting peace it's
the only way to ensure Israel's
long-term
security the draft calls on Israel to
withdraw troops stop building
settlements and give back the land it
has taken by force since
1967 all within 12 months supporters
acknowledged it wouldn't be easy a
two-state solution needs to be the
product of
negotiations aspirations need to be
tempered by realism given the
complexities to be
addressed however in the next 12 months
we expect Israel to take meaningful
steps towards compliance with
international law opponents said the
resolution went too far given the
current circumstances on theg ground we
believe that this resolution is not a
step in the right direction as it risks
potentially sewing further divisions and
hindering peace talks in an already
fragile conflict situation some
countries acknowledge the breaches of
international law as cited in The
Advisory opinion of the international
court of justice on which the resolution
was based but abstained from taking a
side the resolution does not provide
sufficient Clarity to effectively
Advance our shared aim of a peace
premised on a negotiated two-state
solution a safe and secure Israel
alongside a safe and secure Palestinian
State the resolution also calls on
member states to use their economic
influence on Israel refraining from
trade or Investments that would further
entrench the illegal occupation and
sanctioning those who seek to maintain
it Kristen salumi Al jazer the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer